Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the Step Perfect mobile application created by Yefpayne as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

Information Collection and Use
The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include:

Your device's Internet Protocol address (IP address).

The pages of the Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, and the time spent on those pages.

The total time spent on the Application.

The operating system used on your mobile device.

The Application does not gather precise information about the location of your mobile device and does not use Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to process your data.

Third Party Access
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help improve the Application and service. The Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policies. Below are the links to the privacy policies of the third-party service providers used:

Google Play Services

AdMob

Google Analytics for Firebase

Unity

Disclosure of Information
Information may be disclosed:

As required by law (e.g., to comply with a subpoena).

When necessary to protect rights, safety, or investigate fraud.

With trusted service providers who work on behalf of the developer and adhere to this privacy policy.

Opt-Out Rights
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or via the app marketplace.

Data Retention Policy
User-provided data is retained for as long as you use the Application. If you would like to request the deletion of data provided via the Application, please contact besucbesdort@gmail.com.

Children's Privacy
The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. The developer does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If it is discovered that a child under 13 has provided personal information, it will be immediately deleted from the servers. Parents or guardians can contact besucbesdort@gmail.com for necessary actions.

Security
We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your information.

Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. You are advised to consult this page regularly for any changes. Continued use of the Application is deemed approval of all changes.

Effective Date: 2026-02-25

Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, please contact us via email at besucbesdort@gmail.com.
